we have asked artificial intelligence
what is the best tourism
Village and guess
what high
mountaintops vibrant
dances Flawless arts and
crafts you fffs your traveling dreams
with an artificial
Paradise but it is not real not even not
even not even the voice you are hearing
is realing is real the eye is perfect
but it is not not our essence you love
imperfection because imperfection is
real it's true it's human we are
real AI cannot feel the energy of the
world AI cannot feel for
you you cannot fake life you have to
experience
it the future is
real the future is RO
welcome to the best tourism Villages by
un WTO
[Music]